Hey,
what's going on is bill burn?
It's time for the Thursday afternoon.
Just before Friday.
Monday morning podcast.
I'm just checking on your,
on your,
uh,
I fucked up today.
I,
uh,
I forgot it was Thursday.
I really wasn't doing shit today.
It's just one of those,
uh,
you know,
you never had one of those days.
You didn't know it was Thursday or how is it Thursday?
I thought it was Wednesday.
Yeah.
I had one of those days and I was just fucking driving around.
I met a buddy,
uh,
it was on my way out to a
okay
fucking Santa Monica to go smoke a cigar.
My first one in like a month and a Andrew's like,
you're going to record today.
And I was like,
record?
And he's like,
yeah,
it's Thursday.
I was like,
oh Geez.
Is there,
so,
uh,
my apologies.
My apologies.
I didn't check in on you.
Yeah,
I almost didn't,
did you feel not loved?
You know,
this is when you really think about it.
This is like the end of one of those feel good like Christmas movies or
afterschool specials and like we didn't think you were coming and then you're
dead.
But I guess I didn't for most of you cause there's 10 26 La time as I'm
recording this.
So most of you guys back east.
Okay.
It's central time.
I just fucked over half the people in this country as far as not checking in on
him as far as people that listen to this podcast.
So I'm basically saying that if this was a presidential campaign,
this would be the end of my campaign.
I would have to,
uh,
I'd have to try and fight it off,
you know?
Okay.
Most of Bard,
you tell the people of America,
you're going to do a podcast every Thursday as last Thursday.
And even good about it the last year or so.
But last Thursday you actually did not check in on the east coast or the central
coast or the central part of the country,
whatever it's called.
That's half the country.
Is this what the American people can look forward to if you are elected
president?
I brought Debbie,
I,
you know what,
yeah,
they can look forward to,
you know,
I didn't think I was going to get this far.
Okay.
You know,
I thought I was doing pretty good reading the shit off there.
I'm,
excuse me,
reading this,
the,
uh,
the stuff off of the teleprompter and now I guess it's over.
So well,
yeah,
sorry to the east coast and the central areas.
My,
no,
it's our food supply and where a lot of a,
I dunno,
a lot of the comedy and the cold weather comes from right.
So I apologize.
Oh,
Jesus.
Um,
yeah.
I had my first garden like fucking month and it was delicious.
It was delicious.
It was bad.
I fucking went to the,
uh,
the cigar shop.
The guy was a like,
where you Ben?
I was like,
Hey,
you know,
I'm down to two a month.
He goes,
oh,
it's great.
It's great.
A fucker went in there.
It was just,
I just missed it.
I missed the smell.
I sound like fucking champ kind.
I miss the way you smell.
And I went in there was hilarious.
I went to this place,
Hollywood smoke out in,
um,
out in,
uh,
Santa Monica and as I was driving down main street,
great,
great fucking street out here in La,
you know,
it's Saint Patty's day and it was just getting geared up was like right around
six 30,
like just the absolute fucking shit show that is Saint Patrick's day out here
and I should say in the United States,
absolute Shit Shield,
the fucking light green plastic hats,
those fuck heads are out,
you know.
And then you had the,
the girls,
you know,
of course Horan it up.
You got to love that.
I still,
he's smoking hot fucking chicks with like,
but the same colored like is those green plastic hats,
like mini skirts with like thigh highs on.
So I'm like,
all right,
they're obviously slinging drinks or maybe they're not,
you know,
maybe they really are attention horse because I swear to God,
I don't know what the fuck you'd go out in public wearing something like that
for on a night when people who usually don't drink are going to get even more
hammered or I guess any,
it's just amateur night and you're going to fucking walk around with something
like that.
Well what's wrong with you?
Jesus Christ.
Didn't your mother ever talked to you and sit you down and be like,
listen,
there's nothing wrong with dressing like a who uh,
just do not do it on the following holidays.
Saint Patrick's Day,
New Year's and the 4th of July.
Okay.
Every other time.
Thanksgiving.
Okay.
You want to let the girls dot a little bit.
I don't have a problem.
Just don't say sit across to me at the dinner table cause you're still my little
girl.
All right.
Unless they have some big like floral arrangement and you can see,
you know,
you can,
you can blow your boyfriend at that point.
I'm not going to know,
but don't do it because you give your father a heart attack.
Right.
Then they ever sit you down and tell you that ship.
Well,
if they did,
they didn't say it to these two.
They were walking down the street.
I mean,
it's fucking unreal.
Like literally like hookers didn't dress like that when I was a kid.
Um,
and it got me thinking like what the,
I always forget what the fuck Saint Patrick's day is.
So I'm going to Google that right now.
Saint Patrick's Day.
Here we go.
All right.
We all know it's on March 17th.
Is this the thing where the guy chased the snakes out of the fucking town,
which just completely seems like a bullshit story to make or was that some other
guy was a flute?
Did that guy know it was the Pied Piper and he got rid of the rats.
That was their problems back then.
It wasn't my phone died and my fucking Internet is too slow.
They literally had fucking reptiles and rodents
fucking spreading disease that was age back then.
You know,
she said a bunch of fucking rats would come to town and they'd bite one fucking
dude.
They then brats no to right.
The they fucking,
they would,
they'd fucking bite this studly as guy there and he,
he's of course fucking tag in every winch in town and next thing you know,
right.
They're all coughing on their fucking husbands or that it was over.
And then thank God some guy would come by,
some guy who's probably,
you know,
never got picked to go on the rape and pillage tours,
that was like getting picked last in gym class back then.
Right.
And all of a sudden he just finds his head and talent.
He picks up for flute and he fucking dances around and everybody follows him out
of town.
All the rats do.
Right.
You know what's funny about that story is they never say,
once he gets out of town with the rats,
like then what did he do?
You know,
fucking throw the flute at them and then run back,
double back to town and hope that they're a little rat.
Brains can't figure it out.
I mean they found it once,
right?
I don't know.
All right.
Let's get case.
Saint Patrick's Day is the day of the festival of Patrick.
Oh,
thank you.
Well,
that,
that sums it up.
It's a cultural and religious celebration held on the 17th of
the Torah.
The traditional death date of Saint Patrick who lived from three 85 to four 61
that's a fucking good Ron for back then,
Huh?
He really wasn't saint,
not smoking,
not drinking,
not most of them with the who was what's said?
That's 70 let's see,
15 and 61 oh shit.
We all know that.
76 years.
I was like living to 110 now and I evidently,
he was the foremost patron saint of Ireland.
This guy was a fucking five star general here.
Saint Patrick's day was made an official Christian feast day in the early said,
well,
what the fuck did Saint Patty Dope?
Okay,
Saint Patrick,
let's get back to this fucker.
Let's see why he became a Saint Patrick of violin redirects here.
Oh Jesus.
Doesn't he look miserable?
Does anybody look happy in a stained glass window?
They always will look.
They got the fucking weight of the world on them.
What is wrong with my religion?
Jesus can as is that one picture of Jesus smiling,
like cracking up,
hanging out with the apostles and somebody farted or something and they just
decided to paint them in that moment.
They just never do it.
He must've had some fun.
Right?
Well,
speaking of Hoas,
Dinny fuck,
and he laid down with the,
what the fuck was her name?
That's a good horn name from back then.
Huh?
Apple.
All right.
Saint Patrick or this was a fifth century Romel Ramano Bro.
Oh No.
Come on.
Ramano British Christian missionary and Bishop in Ireland known as the apostle
of Ireland.
He's the primary patron saint of Ireland.
This all sounds like filibustering right now.
Like they're trying to kill a bill along with saint thou who gives a fuck.
He's also said the burp does equal two apostles.
The date of Patrick's life cannot be fixed with certainty,
but on a widespread interpretation.
He was an active,
he was active as a missionary in Ireland.
Oh,
we spread
the disease there.
Okay.
They celebrate this guy.
He brought that fucking horrific religion to them and now look at them.
This still drinking because of this guy's mission.
Uh,
during the second half of the fifth century,
early medieval tradition credits him with being the first bishop of a something
primate of Ireland.
Okay.
Now he's hanging with an ape.
All right.
I didn't know those gorillas and fucking,
it's probably a chimp,
right?
No,
it could be a chimp that fair skin.
Well,
actually they all got fair skin there.
Maybe that's where you go.
If,
if you get a sunburn,
the grill is like,
yeah,
fuck that.
I need the heat,
man.
You know,
stupid fucking chimps going up there with that fucking white face like me.
All right.
According to the confederacy of Patrick,
when he was about 16,
he was captured by Irish pirates.
You mean drunks from his home in Great Britain.
I always from Britain.
Now fuck is what this guy's guy was all over the place and taken as a slave to
Ireland,
looking after animals where he lived for,
you're working on a farm.
They're really ramping this guy up where he lived for six years before escaping
and returning to his family was pretty amazing.
How the fuck did he do that?
He needed a boat.
Okay.
People are incredible shaped.
Any probably swam it.
Right.
You know?
That's probably why he lived so fucking long.
You do that one time.
If you swim from Ireland to go back to fucking London,
wherever the fuck he was from,
I mean,
yes.
Basically you've gotten all the cardio that you need to do in your life out of
the way.
The guy was probably fucking shred until he was like 66 then the last 10 years
are brutal.
All right.
After becoming a cleric,
whatever the fuck that is,
that's either an accountant or something religious.
He returned to know I would click on it,
but it's not highlighted,
which makes me feel dumb.
I'm supposed to like automatically know what that means.
He returned to northern and western Ireland.
Yeah.
Oh,
that's a smart move for you.
Fucking leave the country,
the dead enslaved you and then you come back.
Okay.
Fucking Ian Mcshane.
In later life,
he served as a bishop but little teddy bash,
Mr. Black Magic.
Um,
but little is known about the places where he worked by the seventh century.
He had already come to read.
Nobody knows anything about this fucking guy
you served as a bishop,
but little is known about the places where he was a fucking bishop.
It was kind of a bishop somewhere over there.
Okay.
Making it seem like he like he was a cobbler a by the seventh century.
It already comes out to be revered as the patron saint of Ireland.
Okay.
All right.
I don't want to be a cunt on Saint Patrick's Day,
but don't you think there's a little gap in the information there?
This is like the story of Jesus where it's like,
Yay.
He was a little baby and they brought some gifts over and then he was 33 on a
cross.
Some point he did some carpentry and he banged a horse.
The other than that,
right.
There's and nothing there.
This fucking guy was a bishop somewhere in western northern and western Ireland
little's known about that.
And then by the seventh century he was a patron saint of Ireland.
What did he do?
Name dating to Patrick's theories.
Life.
All right,
let's get to his life.
Okay.
The age of 16 he was captured by hours.
I already read this shit
to six years of captivity.
He heard a voice,
sorry.
Yeah.
He went crazy telling him that he would soon go home.
It sounds like it was malnourished to me and then that that his ship was ready.
Fleeing as master kind of sounds like a Batman Robin relationship,
if you know what I mean.
They keep was the gimp.
He traveled to a pool.
He traveled to a port 200 miles away.
Okay.
Travel.
How he took the subway.
You mean you walked where?
He found his ship and was difficult and with difficulty persuaded the captain to
take him in.
Yay.
Fucking blow them.
That's about it.
That's the most difficult persuasion.
Right.
Unless you know he was happy to be with his master early.
I don't know.
This all sounds like,
I don't know,
some sort of gay love triangle to me after three days sailing,
they landed presumably in Britain.
You know what?
I'm glad we drink on this fucking day.
You know,
if you're going to be that fucking vague,
this is like why you feel the next day after you went and Dick,
what'd you do last night?
I Dunno,
I was kind of a drunk in our western La that,
uh,
the cops came and I fucking heard this voice in my head saying,
that there was a,
uh,
a ship waiting for me,
you know?
Yeah.
What do you mean you called Uber?
Yeah,
basically.
All right.
I apologize for all of that.
Happy Saint Patrick's Day.
Everybody.
A lot of you are probably still up drinking,
getting shit faced and all that.
Um,
why not?
Why not?
Okay.
I missed all the match madness.
Um,
I don't watch the first fucking rounds.
You know what I mean?
Every once in a while this upset there's an upset,
right?
You should just watch holy cross.
They fucking disappoint somebody every year.
Send everybody going home crying.
I'm going to try to watch on Saturday,
but a,
I'm busy over the next couple of days,
but,
um,
I have been watching my Bruins again and after that big fucking hot streak,
I start watching them and then they start losing.
So,
uh,
they're playing the kings this Saturday and uh,
I'm going to take the gang because I feel like if I don't watch it live,
they're going to win and then I could watch it and I can enjoy it.
But I'm starting to,
you know,
ramp back up with the hockey is the playoffs are coming and I watched the kings
verse the Dallas fucking stars,
um,
get ready for a barn burner and the kings just came out and gave him the old
right there.
Fred gave him to fucking quick ones.
Then,
um,
you know,
and I was sitting at home,
you don't mocking announces gut.
I'll tell you right now,
the next goal is lost support.
Goal is gay,
obviously KCC,
they go up three nothing or that's the stars.
Cut It in half.
We can do the fucking math when the numbers of that low.
So what you got to love about hockey.
You know,
the numbers are always nice and low.
It's very rare.
Does it go over?
You never really have to count over five.
I think that's why it appeals to me.
That and the fighting,
right?
So the star score next and it's two to one and then they dead.
You thinking,
okay,
here we go.
We got a game and that Bam fucking they score again.
Three,
two,
one after one.
The next thing you know,
I go out and make myself a grilled cheese sandwich and I come back and it's
fucking five to one.
However,
that doesn't mean that's how it's going to go in the playoffs.
Um,
those are two of my favorite teams out in the West.
Of course the Romans are always my favorite,
but out of the Kings are stars are really fun to watch.
So I'm getting psyched for the,
uh,
for the hockey playoffs.
Speaking of which,
um,
I have an open invite to do the great Joe Barton next puck off podcast and a,
I'm going to try to do that sooner rather than later.
But,
um,
I'm excited about that and I got to get into the whole march madness thing.
So that's basically,
that's basically my life.
Right.
And,
um,
so you're probably thinking like,
well bill,
you know,
I know you tell jokes at night,
you have to know when you're fucking spots are.
How did you forget it was Thursday?
Well,
all freckles here had a really fucking busy day because a,
they started a,
they started making my,
my little baby gym,
my little getting shaped,
Jim getting shaped girl Jim at the back of my,
uh,
garage.
And uh,
so I had to clear everything out.
And unfortunately I had to put my truck in storage for the next couple of weeks.
I was only going to take them like two or three weeks,
which means six months in construction talk,
um,
for them to,
uh,
to complete this project.
And,
uh,
I,
I can't tell you how fucking sad I was dropping that truck off.
It's unreal.
Every time I look at that truck or I start driving it,
I have this big goofy fucking grin on my face like you ever hear?
Like when people drown,
you know,
after you go to the horror of drowning,
right?
Areas as you go to pass out,
like all this dopamine is released.
And I guess when they find you under water and your cement shoes,
you have this goofy smile on your face provided they didn't drop him like a
thousand feet of water on your head,
didn't it fucking explode?
Um,
you always say,
I guess have this fucking like when they find scuba divers and underwater caves,
um,
you know,
cause they get lost.
I mean Jesus Christ talking about that most fucking horrifying thing ever.
Fucking going in there.
I mean,
Jesus Christ.
What do when mean,
what do you do when you're underwater?
You can't drop breadcrumbs.
How'd he get back?
There is no fucking,
that is the most fucking insane thing you could ever do.
Let's go explore some underwater caves.
Can you imagine that shit and then you fucking get lost.
Wow.
Dude,
there's got to be stories of people that survived.
I want to hear that mind.
Fuck how the fuck you keep yourself calm cause you know you're going to panic
and then you're going to start breathing faster and that fucking Shit,
you know?
Oh my God.
I don't know what I would do.
I would just get my flippers going as fast as I could and try to knock myself
out against the fucking wall.
Yeah.
You know,
and you couldn't because you're underwater.
You can't even fucking knock yourself out.
What do you do then?
I think you just swim up to a big fish and give it the finger and hope it
fucking what she out of them out of your misery.
Um,
the fuck was I talking about?
Fuck did I get onto that?
I was talking about dropping the Oh,
driving a truck off.
Yes.
So,
um,
I gotta be honest with you man.
Like,
like no new cars do it for me.
They're all the fucking same.
Yeah.
Pisses me off.
You know,
cause my car is getting old man.
My car is like eight years old.
Granted seven or eight years old.
Yeah.
It's going to be eight years old since I've had it October this year.
And,
um,
I've maintained the thing,
you know,
I take it back to the dealership.
I haven't do the whole thing.
I pay through the fucking nose and,
uh,
it runs like a God damn top.
It runs like a fucking top to the point.
I'm not even nervous about saying it,
but the interior's going to shit,
right.
The steering wheels all fucking worn out.
And uh,
but I love the car because I can park it anywhere and I don't give a fuck if
anybody drives into the thing.
Um,
but my buddy who I smoke cigars with,
he's got this fucking Cadillac and I really like it,
you know,
and I like him more than the fucking,
I dunno everybody out here is leases of fucking
okay.
The BMWS,
the fucking most,
every other dose has one of those out here.
So I don't want to get one of those.
And uh,
okay.
Audi's are cool.
You know what,
God,
Audis,
Audi,
Audi's is like the fucking bill Bellacheck draft pick.
That's the second round guy or the guy who gets picked in the third round and
has something to fucking prove.
Like,
I feel like Audi has something to prove.
You get more bang for your buck.
We're fucking BMW and a fucking,
you know.
Okay.
Mercedes,
they like the first round draft pick holding out for a fucking bigger contract.
Fuck those cars.
Right?
No,
I'm German too,
man.
I'm mostly German.
I should be fucking,
I guess Audi's German too,
right?
I Dunno.
But,
um,
I like buying American shit though,
even though it's probably built the fucking Mexico or Turks and Caicos,
whatever the fuck they build them now.
Um,
so I'm thinking like,
all right,
well my buddy's got a Cadillac.
I can't go and get a fucking caddy pull up next to him and look like single
white female freckles over here.
Right.
So I go,
what about the fucking Lincoln mark five or whatever.
Don't they still make that car?
So I go to the fucking Lincoln website.
When the fuck did they deep ball that car or did it just not keep up?
That thing used to be the answer to Cadillac and that you can get one for like
35 grand.
Okay.
Which is not,
it's still 35 grand.
But I thought would they would,
it would be like up there
like with the caddies,
like the caddies or like,
you know,
they,
they kind of end where all the high end BMW's and Mercedes fucking end.
Right.
So I figured the Lincoln was going to be up,
like I thought I was going to,
you know,
it'd be like some luxury car and this is the thing,
nobody drives one of those,
which should be great.
So I got something a little different.
It's got nice,
you know.
Nice fuck.
It's a great old man car.
Fucking Lincoln,
you know,
you drive around in it,
people look at you,
they gotta look at that guy.
He's probably a member of the NRA.
I don't want to fuck with that guy.
It's a fucking,
it's a classic old man car.
And uh,
I dunno if I'm looking at the wrong model,
but they have like,
all they have is fucking SUV is now.
And then they have like the,
uh,
I don't know.
I looked at the car and was like,
you ever see somebody used to go to the gym every day and then they don't
anymore.
And you can see,
you can kind of see like,
oh yeah,
that guy used to work out and now we,
uh,
now he gets like three appetizers before he dies into the fucking,
I'll speak to that dude.
I,
when I dropped the car off,
I had to wake my lovely wife up and she,
you know,
follow me over and it was early in the morning.
She's not a morning person.
Right.
And,
uh,
so I told her I'd take her on,
go to breakfast.
She of course eats healthy.
MMM.
You know,
still looking gorgeous.
And I,
first thing I see on the menu was a eggs benedict with fucking pulled pork and
you know,
came with potatoes and like an asshole.
I ordered it and I have been paying for it the whole day.
I've barely been able to keep my eyes open all day while you youngsters out
there,
that's what fucking happens to you when you get older or young.
Dude,
Yo,
you got low miles on your digestive track,
you can go eat something fucked up and then go play Frisbee football,
whatever the fuck it issue.
Kids do.
Go fly a drone around an airport and freak out some pilots,
whatever it is that you guys do,
whatever you wacky kids do,
put on a virtual reality fucking helmet and a,
I dunno,
take video if you fucking next door neighbor and then you fucking bagging them
and then you feel weird when you see when you go to get the mail,
whatever it is you kids do.
Um,
yeah,
you can do that after reading fucking Mcdonald's.
I,
I cannot,
I can't.
We actually postmate had McDonald's the other day and like fucking 1230 at night
and I got to tell you,
it was fucking delicious.
And the next day I woke up,
I was like,
did I get into a bar fight last night?
And you lose horrifically like was I the guy like laying,
you know those old school bars where they didn't have stools and they just had
that brass rail fee to put your foot up on.
You ever see a guy who ends up like in between the bar and that thing while
there's like three people kicking him,
you know that that classic guy in every other bar and fucking Boston.
I felt like that happened to me and they just kicked me right in the stomach,
the entire fucking beat down.
Um,
what did I order?
You didn't ask.
I got double cheeseburgers
and the fucking large fry and I enjoyed every second of it and I distinctly
remember at least three times Nia looking over at me telling me to slow down.
I fucking eight Lincoln.
I,
you know,
I ate like a guy that fucking ordered out for Mcdonald's.
So as you can tell,
my gym can't get here soon enough.
Um,
I ordered,
I ordered all of my shit from rogue fitness.
Thanks a lot for not fucking hooking me up and recognizing my h level celebrity
status.
You could at least given me a fucking one kettle bell.
He couldn't even do that.
Well,
I got to beg you guys,
you know I love about it is I don't know Yanni think.
And if you fucking wait,
show up and they're too heavy,
I'm going to trash it.
Um,
I ordered the weights and I wanted the colorful ones and near tease me out of
it.
She actually used like some sort of like Jedi mind trick with a little bit of
fucking homophobia.
She's like,
those are the ones you're going to get that rainbow color.
She goes,
they look a little corny.
I go,
I like them.
They're different.
Like the 45 is a blow and then the 30 fives or a night,
a nice lime green and then the 25 is a yellow.
I didn't think it seemed more than,
didn't seem a feminine to me.
It seemed more like a Fisher prices first.
Uh,
I know your first fucking dumb bells.
I Dunno.
So she teased me into getting the fucking manly once,
you know,
like the Clint Eastwood once the old school fucking once.
So I got those in a weak bench and I got a little fucking retractable rack with
my pull up bar.
And A,
I dunno,
we'll see what happens.
You know,
it's funny,
as I have the ability to do squats with this thing,
if I want to add,
uh,
like most guys,
I hate to end legs.
I don't know what it is.
It's just,
it's not sexy.
You know what I mean?
You fucking do anything in the upper body.
You know,
all you do is you do like 1 cent,
you spend the next 20 minutes flexing in the mirror with your legs.
You just like,
oh fucking hurts.
You know,
and you just,
you really don't get anything or you don't,
there's no ego boost to legs,
right?
If you fucking never miss leg day,
like you're,
you're the,
the level of discipline that you have.
I have to respect that.
I put you right underneath people that have the balls to explore an underwater
cave in.
Um,
all right.
And with that,
let's,
uh,
let's read a little bit of advertising.
God knows it won't be rogue fitness as mother fuckers.
Where did they get off?
Blown off and nobody liked me.
Can you fucking believe that every God damn day you,
you're on TV.
And they show somebody,
right?
Somebody I used to be on Charles in charge is getting a new fucking deck.
You know,
he's getting his dream deck and he's go,
oh my God,
I can't believe you guys did my wife set this up all I asked for a couple of
fucking,
you know,
barbells,
hey,
we get back to me.
Okay.
It's coming off real cold,
rogue fitness.
Um,
anyways,
by the way,
rogue fitness.
According to them,
all of this shit is made in,
made in America.
Now,
granted,
they might be using illegal immigrants,
you know,
with welding masks or whatever the,
however the fuck you make weight,
you know,
they're doing that in making the horse shoes and like fucking 20 other things.
Poor bastards.
Um,
you don't want Donald Trump wants him out of the country.
I'll tell you.
Um,
all right,
me,
Andy's,
everybody.
Oh,
but it'll boop,
boop.
Me,
Andy's me.
Andy's Amar fucking fed shit.
[inaudible] do do,
if I keep eating Mcdonald's,
I won't even get to where underwears.
Uh,
but if I do,
I can dry off my balls
and fucking flush them down the toilet.
In a bathroom stall.
I always say bathroom stall now.
Okay.
Whether you're wearing a suit or sweats,
you spend almost 24 hours a day in your underwear unless you're like a fucking
filthy animal.
And they've understood guys that don't wear underwear because I swear to God,
no matter how much is shake your Dick after you take a Piss,
no matter how much you fucking Ypo and stick a whole box of cleanups up there,
there's always going to be a little tinkle.
You know what I mean?
You never realize it to that day.
You go fucking,
you know,
you go commando and then you're walking out of the bathroom.
You're like,
why is one of my calves sweating?
Oh,
that's right.
Right.
You need it though.
Oh,
boat boat me,
Andy.
Sorry ladies.
But that's the way it works.
All right.
Okay.
But instead of making a statement like Superman's tights under his co,
uh,
under his everyday clothes,
your,
your underwear is probably boring me undies is here to change that.
I think there was a joke in there and I blew it.
Um,
all right.
Every pair pair of me undies is made from sustainable source modal model of
fabric that's twice as soft as cotton.
Nothing can describe the fit and the feel of Mont me undies yet we're still
going to have more copy.
I love how you can't fucking describe it yet.
I still have to read 20 more fucking paragraph.
So this shit.
But once you try them on,
you'll understand while they're called the world's most comfortable underwear.
And if you don't love the first pair of me undies,
they're free.
No questions asked.
Hey,
did you not like that thing?
Keep it.
I never understood the line of that.
Copy me.
And he said,
why can't I send it back to you?
The soiled underwear.
You know,
you guys should take it back for your failure.
All right,
me undies has dozens of styles and limited edition prints.
That's so stupid to help you make a statement like they're Jordan's a limited d
got to fucking me undies threes,
uh,
people lining up outside the store to help you make a statement with your
underwear,
whether you can see them or not.
Remember Superman.
All right.
Shipping is free in the United States and Canada and you can save up to eight to
hall is a pair with me undies within Biondi subscription plan.
Get the from subscription
plan or a single pair.
Get 20% off your first order when you go to [inaudible] dot com slash
[inaudible] that's [inaudible] dot com slash birth for 20% off of your first
order.
Hey,
mandy.com/birth all right tracker,
smart cars,
smart phones,
smart hubs.
Technology has made everything fucking
mad,
but losing your stuff make smart people feel stupid and it causes you to yell at
your dog tracker.
Makes losing things a thing of the past tracker is a coin size device that
locates misplaced keys,
wallets,
bags,
computers,
anything in seconds.
Just pair tracker to your smartphone,
attach it to anything and find its precise location with the tap of a button.
It's that easy.
I swear to God,
this is made by the Illuminati.
I know it is.
They're getting your ease den.
Do you put a chip in your dog and your fucking puts something else on your
phone?
Hey,
you know,
what are you special?
It's fucking jam.
One in,
right behind your right ear.
Uh,
lose your phone,
press the button on tracker and your phone rings even when it's on silent with
over 1.5 million devices.
Tracker has the largest crowd,
uh,
gps network in the world.
So lost item shows.
So your last item shows up on a map.
Even if it's miles away,
never lose anything again with tracker.
Listen to these,
this show.
Get a special discount of 40% off your first tracker device.
Go to the tracker.com and enter Promo Code Burr.
The hardest thing you'll have to yell,
they have to find is their website.
Go to track or.com right now and enter the Promo Code [inaudible] for 40% off.
Again,
that's tracker.com Promo Code Bar.
And lastly,
but not leastly hang on,
I got to get a drink of water here.
Fucking smoke that goddamn stick here.
Um,
oh,
stamps.com everybody,
our good old friends,
old dependable.
Like if this was Sanford and son,
stamps.com would be Greati.
Alright.
stamps.com um,
trips to the post office are never convenient.
You know,
unless you're banging some broad there,
right and she likes to fuck at work,
then it's real convenient.
So why not get postage right from your desk with stamps.com stamps.com uh,
it even gives you special postage discounts you can't get at the post office,
including FirstClass mail,
priority mail express international and more using your own computer or a
friends if they're cool and a printer,
buy and print official us postage for any letter or package than just hand your
mail to the mail man,
not the male woman,
the mail man or drop it in a mailbox.
It's that easy.
No wonder over 500,000 small businesses are already using stamps.com.
I use stamps.com anytime I sent out any one of my fucking posters right now.
Sign up for stamps.com and use my last name,
birth for this special offer,
four week trial plus $110 bonus offer that includes a including postage and a
digital scale.
Don't wait.
Get to uh,
get started with stamps.com
today.
Go to stamps.com before you do anything else,
click on the microphone@thetopofthehomepageandtypeinyouburthatstamps.com,
uh,
enter burr.
So all Billy fucking drum stick.
I got these,
uh,
these new Zildjian cymbals,
right?
Um,
the fuck do you spelled Zildjian
where are they?
Oh,
they got these new fucking
symbols,
right?
That they actually made.
They almost look like you remember those Mesh shirts that people were in the
eighties?
Um,
they look like that,
right?
And uh,
they thought it'd be this cool new sound and it barely made a sound.
So they thought it was a,
they were a failure until somebody figured out that they're actually great for
practicing in if you can't,
you know,
play loudly.
So I obviously didn't make a drum room,
so I had my little practice pad kit,
and now I got symbols on them and that fuck the fuck and shit.
There's still loud as hell.
I can't play with my wife is home,
but you know,
she's always working.
So when she leaves,
I sit down and play and I got to admit,
man,
they're fucking awesome.
And you know,
a couple hundred bucks.
It's not that bad.
Nice and fucking cheap.
You get to play along and even though they got all the fucking holes in them,
you can still bounce the sticks.
Work on you.
A little technique there,
you know,
be a little fucking maniac.
Whatever the hell it is you want to do.
Where the hell are they?
Oh,
then I called sound off.
What the fuck are they?
God dammit.
I got to get the names of these things because they're fucking awesome
cause shit I should have fucking said I do.
Yeah,
they wouldn't give me any free shit with they.
I want free shit man.
I've come to that point.
I want some free fucking shit.
God Damn it.
I'm gonna start talking about apple.
So I'm going to start small.
All right.
Zildjian LEDs series,
LV three,
eight low volume symbol box set.
Look at this right here.
You can order them right here online for 200 bucks.
I got fucked.
I didn't know that.
God dammit.
I spent like 70 bucks to bucks.
What a dope.
Ah,
Jesus cried looking at it.
I hate a fucking wait like a month from to come in.
What is wrong?
I just don't like computer.
I should try,
should try to like computers more every once in a while.
Oh Shit.
It's already 34 fucking minutes,
isn't it?
Um,
and it's late at night and I got an early day tomorrow.
So,
uh,
was there anything else that I wanted to talk about?
You know,
I'm so sick of people talking about their fucking brackets.
I don't give a fuck.
I'll do,
by the way,
I was a,
he's an La story for you.
I was out in my car the other day,
right?
And all of a sudden,
like four fucking police cars just went flying by me.
And then this and right above me there was like,
I swear it seemed like another four fucking helicopters.
And I was like,
what the fuck?
The fuck is that?
Right?
So I go home later and I watched the God damn news and some fucking
had stole,
stolen a police car.
So the first fucking one that went by,
I never saw the guy was actually the fucking dude they would chase.
And I thought it was a bunch of them go in and I swear to God,
if they had been doing like fucking 90 miles an hour down this road,
that was like a 30 mile an hour zone,
right.
So,
uh,
you know,
they fucking follow the guy,
Yada,
Yada and all that.
He won't stop.
They spit them out,
they won't stop.
And then finally this fucking cop in like the police SUV just fucking gives him
the old right there,
Fred to the fucking driver's side door.
It just totally just cave this thing in.
And I was just like,
oh Jesus Christ.
That's at least a separated shoulder full life.
And uh,
I guess they ended up shooting the guy.
I mean,
you know,
I mean at some point you,
you,
you know,
you have to use deadly force.
Somebody is driving 90 miles an hour around just regular people.
You know,
if he was around irregular people,
that's understandable.
You can go up on the sidewalk.
Nobody cares.
But he was around,
he was around regular people.
They spun them out.
He wouldn't do they,
you know,
they fucking removed his shoulder with an SUV and this motherfucker's still
going at it and they just sigh,
you know,
we get what you're communicating.
You don't want to be here anymore.
And then that was it.
Fucking unreal man gave me the creeps,
seeing somebody drive by knowing like this was the last like fucking 30 minutes
of their life.
Unbelievable.
But having said that,
I would rather go out like that then get lost in an underwater fucking cave.
God dammit.
I is there like a documentary on this gotta be something I got lost in an under,
you know,
and you know the deal,
like it's always like they'd tell those stories and the guy's like,
they're playing the creepy music.
And it was like,
yeah,
me and a buddy of mine decided that we were going to go explore some underwater
caves and they just keep,
you know,
and they start doing the reenactment and they just keep cutting.
They know they show two divers,
but they just keep cutting back to the same guy.
And after like the third time they go back to and be like,
all right,
well obviously the other dude fucking died or a,
he got some serious fucking brain damage.
Something happened because he's not in the documentary.
What the fuck is going on?
And sure enough,
you know,
then there's always that creepy thing of like,
well,
how come you lived in your friend?
Didn't I know what happened?
You fucking panicked and you grabbed his fucking regulator or whatever the fuck
you called it,
right?
And then you had all the air and he didn't have any and you got to go to bed
with that every night,
you know?
I don't know.
I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.
All right.
Listen,
I have to go to bed.
I got some shit to do.
I apologize.
Happy Saint Patrick's day to everybody.
I hope you guys had a great one.
Uh,
hope you guys have a wonderful fucking weekend.
And I know there was something else I wanted to talk to you about.
Something that happened to me early in my week.
Fuck right.
Maybe on Monday,
maybe I'll remember it Monday.
I'll write it down.
Okay.
That's it.
Have a wonderful weekend and I'll talk to you on Monday.
She changed.
She is
the podcasts weapon of the week.
People send these things into me
and I never have them in front of me,
which causes long awkward pauses.
All right.
Uh,
okay.
He has a podcast.
Question number one,
Phil,
what does an east coast transplant do on Saint Patrick's Day?
You're already know what it's like in Boston and in New York City.
Is it the same or does no one in La really care?
Um,
I might've mentioned this on my other podcast.
I do not participate on Saint Patrick's Day actually went out last night.
You know,
I went out,
I got myself a couple of Jamison's and I had a corned beef sandwich and that's
it.
I do not go out on Saint Patrick's day is a sandwich or night,
same way New Year's eve is a bunch of people who a don't know how to drink,
drink way too much.
They were green plastic hats.
They sing no fucking near green alligator and a long neck goose,
all these stupid ass fucking songs.
And,
uh,
I dunno.
It's,
it's,
it makes me sad.
Saint Patrick's Day.
It makes me sad because,
uh,
when I look at what the Irish culture has chosen to focus on,
it's no wonder we're all a bunch of angry psychopaths
that uh,
even when we go to therapy,
you evidently it doesn't affect us.
Oh,
is anybody else Irish out there?
Like you have a go to a wedding that's not an Irish wedding.
I went to a Jewish wedding and I went to a wedding a long time ago.
This girl who was a Pakistanian and the weddings,
they were beautiful.
It was really a nice environment.
It was all about the union of two people who are going to spend their lives
together and a celebration of that and you go to an Irish wedding and the day
is,
the main focuses is like when you get the invite,
it's like dog,
is it to be an black?
Really,
I'm flocking there.
That's what it is.
That's all people give a shit about is can I go there and get fucked up for,
for no money.
That's the big question.
And then people get hammered and then resentments come out and then inevitably
there's going to be a fight.
Maybe that's why I like cocky reminds me of weddings I went to when I grew up.
So again,
back to your question,
people do celebrate Saint Patrick's day out here is
I go to this place,
Tom Bergin stone on Fairfax,
just south of Wilshire because it's a,
it's a mellow place.
They've got a jukebox in the corner that play in music,
but it's like background.
It's not like you're going to listen to this whether you want to or not,
sort of martial law sound system that they have and all these other bars where
you got to sit there and scream at the person next to you,
much like they swim on ESPN.
Look at me just tying everything together this fucking week.
So yeah,
no,
they definitely celebrated.
Obviously it's not the way it is back east because there's not a bunch of,
uh,
there's not as many Irish people out here,
but they're definitely out here.
They definitely do drink and they wear the green hats and all that type of shit.
But,
uh,
there's no parade,
there's no bagpipes.
There's just the boost.
We did just,
just,
just basically bare bones to the couple of corn beef sandwiches
corner and there's 12,000 kegs.
[inaudible]
I did it show in Dublin,
Ireland.
All the crowds were great,
but I got to tell you those fucking people in Ireland as a funniest,
I can't even explain.
I sweat.
It was just something about like when I go through Great Britain and Ireland,
it's like Scotland and Ireland.
They liked the knuckleheads that I grew up with.
And when I go to London,
London is like,
[inaudible] is kind of like all the people that I met when I went to New York
that were from Boston.
So they,
they did move away from where were from,
but they still brought that thing with them cause people in London are
hilarious.
But I was doing a show Dublin on Monday night at the,
the,
the vicar Ficker street theater or something.
Just this awesome venue.
And uh,
anyway,
so it was,
it was on a Monday night and that's a really hard night to try and sell tickets.
And these people showed up in force.
Okay.
And I can't even tell you how
they were fucking hilarious.
Like I was on stage and there was this thing I was talking about about people
hugging their kids and how that could pit is a good thing.
But if you do it too much it could potentially make a weaker.
So I mentioned and all I've been telling this story for like six to eight months
and I've been saying how that,
you know,
my mother wasn't a hug,
hug her and didn't hug us when we were kids.
And people just listen and it's just a small detail that leads to this other
part that I want to talk about.
So I've said that line
uneventfully that's even a fucking word with with no,
no issue whatsoever for like six months.
Now I'm in fucking Ireland and I just throw that line out there like I'm not
even thinking about it and say,
yeah,
I said,
you know,
my mother didn't hug me when I was a kid and I'm getting ready to say the next
sentence.
And like 15% of the crowd goes,
aw,
I'm not even doing it the way they did.
It just collectively broke my board.
It was just such the classic fucking,
it was like that Boston Irish thing that I grew up with distilled to its purest
form with actually real Irish people were
I,
you'd almost have to be that a fucking understand what was behind it.
It was like I opened the emotional door,
just a crack in automatically.
It's just,
they just bust your balls about it.
Like you're fucking,
you know what?
Like you think they,
I think we got hugs.
You're freckled can't shut the fuck up and tell the judge I can't even,
it just,
I,
I've been trying to,
I would try to explain it to Nia.
She laughed,
but it's still,
yeah,
you kinda had to be there and then,
you know,
so I laughed at when I'm a fucking trying to get your sympathy and trying to get
to this mess.
Next spot you assholes.
And the whole crowd fucking laughs.
And then like a half hour later,
what I had done when I was over there was I bought a bunch of DVDs with me.
Um,
like just the,
uh,
basically the DVD itself with this little paper thing and I was just handing
them out to people cause I'm trying to get them to show other people,
you know,
when I'm out there so I can keep coming back.
Basically trying to get them to spread the word on my comedy.
And then someone's just like,
well why don't you just put it on Spotify?
You dumb fucking I'm okay cause I'm old.
Alright.
I feel like I have to bring the hard copy.
So I tell these assholes
that I'm them free DVDs at the end of the show
and I'm halfway through that Spiel,
telling them that they're getting a free DVD.
All right?
And I'm in the middle of it and I hear this guy in the back of the cry goes,
Oh fuck off.
I don't even think I even explained what I was doing.
I don't know if I had gotten to the part where they were free.
I don't know what the Fuck Oh,
it was the fact that I was trying to once again go to a nice place where,
hey,
you know,
I really appreciate you guys coming out.
This really means a lot to me and I want to keep coming back here cause I think
you've got a great comp country or whatever.
And I just,
just opening the door that much.
Oh fuck off.
So I finally just looked at him.
I went,
Jesus Christ,
they were already left.
And I was like,
you know what?
I played in 20,
almost 22 years as a comedian.
I have played in front of some miserable motherfuckers,
but you guys,
and they were already laughing or the most miserable fucking concert I've ever
been in.
And they loved it,
absolutely loved it.
And um,
it killed me that I couldn't go out drinking with the crowd
cause I had a fucking go a head,
an early flight.
[inaudible]
good question.
Bill.
I'm a gay Guy Fan
who was never has never has any problems downloading your podcast.
Oh Jesus Christ.
I'd send you a free fucking DVD if he gave me a fucking address.
Monta country.
We just can't,
what's with the poet cares to cute downloaded what is with you.
It's not me.
My website is fine.
It's never crashed.
Okay.
Anyways,
you say,
I mentioned that because in the comments every week your listeners seem to think
there is some correlation between not being able to download it and being a fig.
Um,
first this Eaton,
they're actually quoting one of my jokes.
If you haven't seen the joke,
okay.
If you think I have a bunch of homophobes I did this bit called what do you
effect?
And it had to do with,
uh,
it was actually anti homophobia,
although some gay people,
the second they hear fag,
they stand up and yell homophobe and what run out of the room.
I call that a story.
Seattle.
Um,
anyways,
first,
this email isn't meant at all to get you to censor or to BPC.
I like your stuff a lot.
Your point of view was hilariously balls out and usually different from the same
old comedy cliches.
But I'm curious,
with all the hundreds of things you and your listeners identify as gay,
do you really still think most gay guys are the old stereotypes on most sitcoms
and in Leno's monologue jokes out?
Jesus,
you're going to talk down to me,
sir.
Is that what it is?
Is that what you're going to do here?
Yeah,
I think that,
I think you all go like the food is hair.
Don't you guys sing everything?
Is it really rarely?
Of course.
I don't think that,
it's just funny and not to mention when we say stuff is gay,
it has nothing to do with homosexuality.
Okay.
When you said,
you know,
you liked this lamp,
now it's fucking gay.
Why is it gay?
Look at it.
It's gay.
All right.
It just means it's a lame staying.
You know what it is?
It just gives you that,
you know,
anything that gives you that feeling of,
um,
it's not love.
Okay.
I don't know what it is.
Uh,
what I,
you know,
I don't even know what the word is.
What does that fucking word when you're just,
you know,
when you just sit in there,
your girl like you,
you take a night off from work and you're sitting there with your girl and she,
you know,
and she,
you know your rent of a video.
Whenever the fuck he do now snap your fingers and it appears in your TV.
I'm so fucking far behind.
I can even use an iPad.
I don't know.
I don't know what your kids do nowadays.
Back in the door,
you went to a day,
you went to a fucking video store,
all right?
And pretended to want to watch a fucking romantic comedy when you really wanted
to walk through those saloon doors and look at the porn off,
right?
That fucking feeling when you come home,
when you're sitting there and you've made some food and your girl gets all
excited,
it was like,
it ain't nice.
It's just,
you know,
this does just enjoying each other.
Whatever that fucking feeling is,
that's gay.
Okay.
But I don't know what to call that fucking feel.
And to me that's gay.
All right.
Now every once in a while I'll look like a fucking chair or a lamp or somebody
asks me to do something and I get that same film like this fucking gay.
I don't want to do it.
It has nothing to do with gay people.
All right?
So don't get sensitive on me,
sir.
I know you're not.
I know this person is not being a dick.
So anyways,
he says,
uh,
do you guys think we're all the gay guys and the old stereotypes of Sitcoms,
or in Leno's monologue,
um,
is it because the ladies make you watch dope,
Bruh?
And the view,
the view hags who just love having gay guy girlfriends because they love
emasculating men any frigging way they can.
Oh,
I get this guy,
this guy's a bear.
He's one of those gay guys.
You know the kind of guy you're hanging out with on the construction site.
Somebody picks on you,
right?
And this guy comes to your rescue,
fucking turns them all into a pretzel,
you know,
and you're like,
Christ,
that's a fucking
guy's guy.
And then all of a sudden he just sits down and there's just something about the
waste crossing his legs.
You're like,
what the fuck is with this dude?
All right.
And then one day he just says,
listen,
I've got something to tell you.
I see what you're saying.
I get it.
That's like me being a German Irish guy and I'm like,
we're not all Nazis and drunks,
but you know,
if you put on the history channel or if you go on and Saint Patrick Patty's day,
you know,
you get your cert,
you're defined by the worst of your group.
Unfortunately.
That's Kinda how it works.
Um,
but no,
I don't,
obviously you don't think people like that I saw will and grace than they are
both ends of the spectrum.
We'll was sort of like,
you know,
just a regular guy.
And then the other guy was just like,
oh my God,
all right.
Singing my lines.
No,
I didn't.
I thought that that guy was actually good.
Right?
Why do I answer these fucking questions?
You know,
all it does it just expose how fucking stupid I am.
Um,
so anyways,
he says,
so do you still think after seeing the gay soldiers in the news and the boring
normal gay marriage activist?
Dude,
I don't think that nobody thinks that.
I actually,
some people think that.
No,
I don't think that.
All right.
I'm just breaking balls.
They're twinkle toes.
Um,
or the only gay guys.
Why?
Just going to keep reading the rest of this for whatever fucking reason.
Or the only gay guys who have been out to you,
uh,
out to you.
Really just hairdressers and interior decorators.
Sir,
how many examples are you going to give me?
All right.
Pop Up,
up,
up.
Okay.
I'm done with that.
No,
I don't think they're all like that.
All right,
so this is what it's like.
Yeah,
I understand that,
that some of you guys look like Mike Ditka add a act like Mike Ditka yet,
you know,
don't like Mike Ditka for the same reasons I did.
I understand that sir.
I think a lot more people do understand that.
Um,
you know,
yeah,
there's all kinds of stereotypes out there.
All right.
Look at me for the redheaded male,
you know,
you think I don't want to be a fucking,
start an action movie and be the guy who knows every type of karate and kicked
the shit out of people and shoot the gun.
Do you think they ever going to give that role to a fucking freckled faced
pasty,
redheaded jackass like me?
They're not.
All right.
Who am I going to be?
I'm going to be the guy who needs to be rescued or the guy who's good with
computers.
All right,
well y'all got to fucking axe to grind,
sir.
All right,
so maybe you were just checking in,
maybe you just making sure,
um,
you know,
I didn't even get his joke,
a really gay question.
Like,
I'm going to say that question was getting,
you see what he's doing.
He was like mocking me and showing a sense of humor at the same time.
You see that he was testing my intelligence while flirting.
Um,
I had a gay question last week.
I said,
what do you call a group of gay men?
This gay guy says,
evidently they're called giggle.
A group of gay men are called a giggle.
No,
they're not.
There's no fucking way.
All Gay guys call a group of gay men giggles.
You know who called it douchebags who happened to be gay?
I'm sure that they say that.
Okay,
a giggle,
Beth.
Go fucking blow someone.
Yeah.
Ah,
I swear to God.
If I was ever to have the charisma of a mass murderer,
that's who I would kill Douche bags.
All groups would be allowed to stay around.
But you would have to prove to me that you weren't a douchebag.
And if you then who would you make fun of?
[inaudible].